---
date: 2022-12-03
title: Refresh
categories:
  - 2133 Lore
author_staff_member: 
---
An Awaited F5

<br><br><br>
## Origin.

For decades, humans have explored various approaches to obtaining resources on Earth. However, by the twenty-first century, it became apparent that these methods were finite and no longer sustainable. Despite some initial resistance, the realization that a new path to space was necessary eventually took hold, leading to the launch of Gyro-IV, the first expedition.


<br><br><br>
## AstroMunk

In preparation for the next phase of human expansion into outer space, the AstroMunk were used as test subjects. Their mission was to study a variety of Earth Tongue fungi, which they often consumed, leading to rapid development. The humanoid counterparts of the AstroMunk were known as Neolecta, a name that was eventually adopted by the entire unit during the establishment of the Commune.

-Co-settlers of the Commune and assisted the creation of flux technology.




<br><br><br>
## Neolecta

As the first team set out to search for gold and other valuable resources, their mission was derailed by an unexpected obstacle - an approaching globular cluster. Navigating through the radiative effects of this incident, the Neolecta unit were witness to an incredible sight - the Grand Rift, a nebulous valley with multiple parallel existences. But before they could fully process this wonder, they were suddenly pulled into one of the instances themselves.

-Radiated humans with exposed skeleton exteriors. Deemed the First Seers of the Grand Rift.




<br><br><br>
## SEGUE-I

During their journey through the Grand Rift, the Neolecta experienced a strange phenomenon. They noticed that their movements were being mimicked by an influx of eyes that seemed to follow them. Upon their return to base, the Segue were welcomed as a new unit of Commune after some time. However, it quickly became clear that the earlier occupants had no choice in the matter, as the Segue refused to leave.

-The HUGE, following eyes.
